Docs: to-do lists Markdown update. (#8893)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-list/docs/features/todo-lists.md

# To-do lists

> The {@link module:list/todolist~TodoList to-do list} feature lets you create a list of interactive checkboxes with labels. It supports all features of regular lists so you can nest a to-do list together with {@link features/lists bulleted and numbered lists} in any combination. To-do lists can be introduced using toolbar buttons, or with Markdown code provided by the {@link features/autoformat autoformatting feature}, simply start a line with `[ ]` followed by a space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {@link module:list/todolist~TodoList to-do list} feature lets you create a list of interactive checkboxes with labels. It supports all features of regular lists so you can nest a to-do list together with {@link features/lists bulleted and numbered lists} in any combination. To-do lists can be introduced using the toolbar button. Thanks to the integration with the {@link features/autoformat autoformatting feature}, they can also be added with Markdown code &mdash; simply start a line with `[ ]` followed by a space.
```
